I'm Deven

Founder and Ceo of noirside.

I've recieved a pre-med and business collegiete background before dropping out, with a successful track record in financial investments eg. Crypto Trading, Stocks and Data analysis.
The fascination I have for finance, human anatomy & physiology and computer based systems didn't prospect a fullfilled experience while in college as I would have to lean hevily into a subject, while neglecting the other two.
My parents are the ideal blue collar hardworking couple. My father would sometimes work two or three jobs as a proffesor, teacher and contract worker and my mother respectively a lead secretary. In her "spare time" she would spend long nights researching medical treatments, procedures, supplements, and possible explenations to our family medical troubles.
My father is the single hardest working man I've ever met, through annacdotal statements of his work ethic in his early adolesence to him still outperforming the general public with his innate ability endure burnout, financial stresses, and natural problem solving ability.
While my Mother is the smartest person I've witnessed, having a vet tech background and manipluating her prior knowledge to learn more than general field doctors and have meaningful conversations with specialist in chemical imbalances, sleep nuances and study analysis.
While I still strive to reach my fathers work ethic it's lead myself to two promotions in 10 months, and fast tracked to another promotion by end of the year to land me six figures. Leaving my Superiors astonished by my level of determination and acumen for a relatively new "profession".
They are unaware that the reasoning behind this drive stems from the yearning of my fathers acknowledgement of my work ethic.
While my natural ability to learn concepts and innovate upon them derives from my mothers mental ability for information processing.

If you had asked my youth what I wanted to be when I grew up I would have stated any other generic profession from other children. However, in reality my aspirations were either radiologist, fund CEO or entrepreneur. Which wouldn't sound appropriate being stated from a 10 year old.
I had the athletic appeal to persue a profession that monitized genetic superiority, and the competitive nature to succeed, however my mind thought it was futile to pursue as I had always wanted to positvely impact our world.
Ironicaly my body thought the same of the situation as I would be labeled "Injury Prone" due to weak angle ligaments and constantly recieving 3rd degree angle sprains. I would also recover realitvely quickly from those setbacks.
During the years of 14-19 I was an avid "gamer", and instead of playing story based games I sought FPS, Racing Sims, and any game that I could compete in during my free time.
I had built and paid for my first personal computer when I was 16, since computers were relatively expensive to build prior my first pc cost $1,200 usd including peripheals.
During the 4 years prior to college I had worked numerous jobs spanding from sales, manual labor and life gaurding. I had an early understanding of money, investing and assests vs liabilities instilled from my parents and worked while pursuing sports and AP/DC classes.
When I was 20 I left my college relationships and returned to my parents home, at absolute rock bottom suffering from mental turmoil, exhausted and officially lost my sense of identity. With no income, and $0.00 staring in disgust when looking at my savings.
I've always been an introvert and needed extended time alone to regain energy, college never offered this escape and I suffered in my own silence feeling alone despite being surrounded by friends. I was quite successful in immitaing emotions and contouring my dialect and expressions when discussing topics when im mentally drained.
After a few months of job search, I landed a job that I wasn't initially thrilled for but allowed me with opporunities if I applied myself which was exciting. After a few months of working I had saved up sufficient funds and had begun building my new pc, Overclocked i7 10700k, 1.5tb SSD, 16gb ram, 3060ti etc with an addition of a 35" curved ultra wide 144hz & a 165 24" along side a "drawing tablet". I had parted out my previous pc and peripheals to my sister and her then fiancee, and used the majority of the system to build my friend his first pc.
The Pc was dubbed Project Jaeger, as I had been buying parts during the few months and was hunting for excellence.

After constructing Jaeger I again pursued AI, machine learning, neural networks, programming and igniting my previous passion for human biology and finance. I've been constructing a lengthy research paper on replicating the human brain within an AGI.
This was around the same time I had been in simple terms "forced" to enlist in a community college, with my parents believing life without a degree would be substanially dificult for anyone including myself.
After a Month of these course and constantly attempting to discuss me withdrawing the courses I was met with two distinct options, continue college and stay at the house or drop out again and be forcefully "evicted".
My parents were aware that I had been getting along with my grandmother and our idealogies that a college degree wasn't necessary for all avenues of success. After a couple of months they withdrew their options when they noticed the deterioring state of my mental health.
This was the final time I would enlist in a college course, I poured all my waking hours into my job and curation of my research document and custom crypto scalping algorithim. After months of getting 3-4 hours of sleep on a regular basis my algorithim was producing 97% positive net gains on 200+ trades on backtesting. I'm now pursuing the means of AGI, and as a result integrating AI into the algorithim.
The Financial service provided by noirside will be called Vault, as a secure means for financial gain from the average person to enterprise being based on a inexpensive tiered subscription model for the individual to a comrephensive investment tool pricing based on enterprise net profits.
While the AGI Project I'm currently developing with aid from OpenAI codex in parrallel to my research will aid in various discoveries, problem solving with logic and reasoning, and mental disorders.

I'm using the majority of my income after bills and living expenses to suppliment my research and development of aligned AI/AGI.
